chore(pkcs#11): Add PKCS#11 documentation (#1824)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 06.Artifact-creation/07.Sign-and-verify/docs.md

! If the Mender Client is configured to enable signature verification (through the `ArtifactVerifyKey` option), it will reject any unsigned Artifacts. This is necessary because otherwise an attacker could simply inject unsigned Artifacts to bypass the signature verification.

> ## Supported cryptography standards

Reviewer: I would move this section to the bottom of the document.
Using PKCS#11 is a somewhat more advanced use cases than using file-based keys.

Author: Done!

Mender supports following standards to interact with cryptographic tokens:
* PKCS#11 (feature supported on Linux OS)

### Signing

In order to sign an artifact using PKCS#11 interface, either hardware security modules (HSM), smart cards or Key Storage Provider (KSP) can be used.

First, check if openssl and necessary libraries are installed:

```bash
sudo apt install openssl libengine-pkcs11-openssl
```

Next, proceed to OpenSSL configuration file:
```bash
user@mender:~$ sudo vim /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf
openssl_conf = openssl_init

[openssl_init]
engines = engine_section

[engine_section]
pkcs11 = pkcs11_section

[pkcs11_section]

> dynamic_path = "/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/engines-1.1/pkcs11.so"

Reviewer 2: On latest Ubuntu, OpenSSL is on 3.0 version. For me the path is:
```suggestion
dynamic_path = "/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/engines-3/pkcs11.so"
```

So I this also deserves a note. Saying something like adjust `dynamic_path` according to your system. An easy way to find this file is to inspect the installed deb package with `dpkg -L libengine-pkcs11-openssl | grep /pkcs11.so`

Reviewer 3: something like [this](https://github.com/kjaskiewiczz/mender-docs/commit/42ab8aa0890f52d88e1991fa45169742b340bd56)?

Reviewer 2: Yes :+1:

> MODULE_PATH = "~/smtools-linux-x64/smpkcs11.so"

Reviewer: This is a custom set up; smpkcs11 is a library provided by Digicert as part of the smtools package.
I don't think we should document it here.

Author: Done!

```

> !!! Engine shared object needs to be copied to proper location (in this case, SoftHSMv2 `~/smtools-linux-x64/smpkcs11.so` was used)

Reviewer: This is not true, look at what we do to set up softHSM in our tests:
https://github.com/mendersoftware/integration/blob/master/tests/tests/test_mtls.py#L130

Author: Done!

## Cloud Key Management

It is possible to sign Artifacts using keys in Cloud Key Management, allowing developers to sign Mender Artifacts without ever accessing the private signing key. Currently the mender-artifact tool supports [Google Cloud Key Management](https://cloud.google.com/security-key-management?target=_blank). For more information, check the help screen for the `gcp-kms-key` option, available by running the command `mender-artifact sign --help`.

## Supported cryptography standards

> Mender supports following standards to interact with cryptographic tokens:

Author: Done!

* PKCS#11 (feature supported on Linux OS)

### Signing

> You can use hardware security modules (HSMs), smart cards or Key Storage Provider (KSP) to sign an artifact using PKCS#11 interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use hardware security modules (HSMs), smart cards or Key Storage Provider (KSP) to sign an artifact using the PKCS#11 interface.
```

Author: Done!

> In order to sign an artifact using PKCS#11 interface, either hardware security modules (HSM), smart cards or Key Storage Provider (KSP) can be used.

Author: Done!

> First, check if openssl and necessary libraries are installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, check if openssl and the necessary libraries are installed:
```

Author: Done!

```bash
sudo apt install openssl libengine-pkcs11-openssl
```

> Next, proceed to OpenSSL configuration file:

Author: Done!

```bash
user@mender:~$ sudo vim /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf
openssl_conf = openssl_init
[openssl_init]
engines = engine_section
[engine_section]
pkcs11 = pkcs11_section
[pkcs11_section]
engine_id = pkcs11
MODULE_PATH = /usr/lib/softhsm/libsofthsm2.so
init = 0
```

> You need to adjust MODULE_PATH according to your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to adjust MODULE_PATH according to your system and PKCS#11 interface.
```

Author: Done!

> To make sure PKCS#11 engine is available for OpenSSL, issue following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure PKCS#11 engine is available for OpenSSL, issue the following command:
```

Author: Done!

```bash
user@mender:~$ openssl engine -t pkcs11
(pkcs11) pkcs11 engine
     [ available ]
```

> After PKCS#11 engine is set up, artifact can be successfully signed with use of PKCS#11 URI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the engine is set up, you can sign the Mender Artifact using a PKCS#11 URI:
```

Author: Done!

```bash
user@mender:~$ ./mender-artifact sign --key-pkcs11 "pkcs11:object=device;type=private" artifact.mender
```

### Verifying

> PKCS#11 URI can also be used to verify signed artifacts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also verify signed artifacts using the PKCS#11 interface:
```

Author: Done!
